(AI)
Previously on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Vrains."
As the tower devours
more and more data,
it gains the power
to destroy the world
and consume all of Link Vrains
within six hours.
Six hours?
(gasps)
How do we go about stopping it?
By beating Varis.
I know that you're watching me.
So why don'tcha come on out?!
You're that crazy creep
who brainwashed me!
Let's duel!
I Link Summon!
Rise up Link 1 Sunavalon Dryas!
(sinister laugh)
♪♪♪
You're awfully
silent, Blue Angel.
But it is a natural
reaction when one faces
my Sunavalon Dryas.
Many are intimidated
by its glorious majesty.
You think that I'm scared?
Of a tree?
Oh, if you're not, then
please, prove me wrong.
If you're up for it that is.
That's supposed to be
your form of trash talk?
I am not falling
for your trap.
You wound me, my dear.
Why would you think
I'm trying to trick you?
Uh, you summoned
a monster with zero
points in attack mode?
Quite perceptive of you but
that's only half the story.
Due to Dryas's
special ability,
your monsters are not
allowed to attack it.
That's not fair.
You're right.
It's my turn!
First, I'll start by summoning
Trickstar Candina!
And when I summon her,
I'm then allowed
to add one Trickstar that's
in my deck straight to my hand.
Next, I activate the field
spell Trickstar Light Stage.
Its effect lets me draw
another Trickstar
from my deck
so I get Trickstar Lilybell!
And instead of letting Lilybell
just chill in my hand,
her special ability lets me
automatically summon her out.
Like this!
And next up, I'm upgrading
my Trickstar Light Stage
into a Trickstar Light Arena!
In this venue, I get
to choose one of your facedown
spell or trap cards
and prevent it from activating
until the end of the turn.
And if you don't activate it,
you have to return
that card to your hand.
Oh dear.
This turn of events
has certainly created
a serious setback
in my strategies.
You are such a creep.
But there's no chance
I'm gonna let you spook me
from playing my game, Spectre.
I can summon
two Trickstar Lycorises
by returning Candina to my hand!
So now have the monsters
I need to build my circuit!
The summoning conditions
require two Trickstars.
So I set my two Lycorises
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 Trickstar Holly Angel!
Ah, Holly Angel.
Formidable as she is,
you must realize
as your number one fan,
I know every countermeasure
against her.
But knowing it and pulling it
off are two different things.
Especially when I'm playing
brand-new cards
that no one's ever seen before
like my Light Arena!
It resurrects my Lycoris!
And since I summoned
the Trickstar next to
Holly Angel's link,
you take 200 points of damage.
Was there a breeze or did that
tree just move on its own?
Whatevs...
Since my Holly Angel used her
special ability to deal you
200 points of damage, she also
gains 200 attack points.
And now, Trickstar Lilybell
uses her special ability
to bypass Dryas
and attack you directly.
(chuckling)
Huh?
Haven't you ever learned that
what one fails to destroy
can only make one stronger?
It is the true
essence of nature.
What's that?
Whenever I take damage,
my Dryas can summon
a Sunvine Link Monster
next to its link.
Blue Angel, bear witness
to the birth of Link 1
Sunvine Gardna!
Blue Angel, gaze upon
the fruits of your labor.
Sweet for me, but not
so sweet for you.
Because I regain
every point of damage
that I took from your attack.
That's just great.
It is.
And there's another advantage
I have over you as well.
What's that?
Being a fan, I know everything
about you.
Where you got you name,
for instance.
It was from a storybook.
I have it right here.
"Blue Angel."
A little on the nose isn't it?
But no matter...
"Once upon a time, there was a
heavenly being named Blue Angel.
"Among all the angels, Blue
Angel was the most beautiful.
"At least on the outside.
"But on the inside,
her heart was made of ice.
"Blue Angel said,
'Who needs friends?
"'I don't have to share my toys!
Who needs friends?
"'I don't have
to share my snacks!
Who needs friends?
I'm better off without them!'
"But Blue Angel started to cry
because no one was around
to hear her words because
Blue Angel had no friends."
That sure reminds me
of a certain someone.
"Then one day, Blue Angel was
ambushed by a horde of demons
"and thought her life was all
but lost until the other angels
"arrived to save her
from this horrible fate.
"'Why are you helping me?
she asked.
"'Because you might not think
we're your friends,
"'but we think you're our
friend!'
"Blue Angel's heart melted.
"'Who needs friends? I do.'
"And as they defeated the
demons, Blue Angel's next tear
wasn't one of sadness,
but one of joy."
Well, well,
that is quite an interesting
role model to name
yourself after.
But not surprising.
Not with your
overprotective brother.
How else can there
be billions of people
on this planet
but not a single friend?
You must have
shed many a tear.
But you didn't break.
You came to Link Vrains
as Blue Angel to find
the fellowship
you couldn't
in the real world.
Great, I'm being personally
psychoanalyzed by a psycho.
Oh, how you wound me.
I'm just a fan.
More like a fanatic.
You're like the demon
in the story
except ten times ickier.
Oh, am I?
But just like
in the final chapter,
I'll be the one to close
the book on you.
I'm honored!
Then let's get on with the duel.
Since my Lilybell
dealt you damage,
I can retrieve Trickstar Lycoris
from my graveyard.
And though I'm not allowed
to attack your Sunavalon Dryas,
I am however allowed to attack
your Sunvine Gardna!
Trickstar Holly Angel!
Cracking Whip!
But you triggered
my Gardna's ability.
When it's linked
to Sunavalon Dryas,
I receive 800 less damage
for each of its links.
So instead of taking
1600 points of damage,
I only take 800.
You've failed to harm me
as much as you'd hoped.
But damage is still damage,
Spectre.
You're right.
Your positivity must
be such an inspiration
to your True Blue Crew.
I'm sure they'd be cheering you
on to victory if it wasn't
for the fact that
the Hanoi deleted them all.
I could so swipe left
on you right now.
You're, like, the worst.
You're one of those
people who takes
a tiny lead and
thinks they have
the whole duel in the bag,
with your mouth
flapping away just because
you were able to garden
up a solid defense.
Solid's so pedestrian.
I believe “perfect ” is a better
word to describe my strategy.
There's no such
thing as perfect.
And I am going
to prove it to you!
How exciting.
I can't wait.
I summon Trickstar
Lycoris to my field
by returning Trickstar
Lilybell to my hand.
Then I'll place
this card facedown.
And with that,
I have everything set.
When I end my turn,
Trickstar Light Arena
will send Spectre's facedown
card back to his hand.
That means he'll be holding
a total of five cards.
But what he doesn't know is that
I have Trickstar Reincarnation.
It'll banish all those cards and
force him to draw five new ones.
That'll kickstart Lycoris's
special ability,
dealing 200 points of damage
for every card he draws.
Five cards equals
a thousand points.
But since I have
two Lycorises in play,
they'll double
the damage to 2000.
Ha! Specty's gonna
learn that attacking
isn't the only way
to deal big time damage.
And he's gonna learn it
the hard way.
And now you're up because
I'm ending my turn.
But before you do,
I activate my trap!
And I promise you,
you won't like it.
(Frog)
The air's getting mighty grimy.
Yeah, I can barely
see what's ahead.
Well, you better keep
your peepin' peepers
peeped for Playmaker!
And quit your whinin'!
You won't hear a peep.
Good!
And keep your head
on a swivel!
The Hanoi could
be lurkin' anywhere.
Ah, what a mess we're in.
I'm not one to spread the blame,
but this is all your fault.
Don't you mean our fault?!
We're a team!
Hey, you heard
what I said, flyboy.
But you can't expect me
to keep track of everything!
(Frog)
Ahh! Unh!
It's a good thing
the ground broke
your fall.
Oh, is it?!
(Boy)
Freeze right there!
Ahh! A Hanoi!
Please don't
hurt us!
Oh, it's just
a little 'ole kid.
You're right.
Unless Playmaker spent
too much time
in the dryer cycle.
You, you...
You Knight of Hanoi!
I'm gonna beat you!
(both groan)
Link Vrains is my favoritest
place in the whole wide world!
And... and I won't let you
coat it with all your cooties!
'Cause I'm Playmaker,
and you're going down!
Did you say you're Playmaker!?
Uh-huh.
(Pigeon crying)
The courage of this kid!
It's good to know
that the future generations
are in good hands.
Unless it turns our this avatar
belongs to a really old man...
Just saying
Ah, great job completely
spoiling the moment!
Sweet mother o' mayhem!
Yo, kid! You okay!?
What're we gonna
do boss?
It's hopeless!
The poor kid
got pancaked!
(both gasp)
You're safe now.
Playmaker.
(both)
Yeah! Way to go!
You should log out.
(AI)
Like yesterday!
But I wanna help.
Believe me,
you already have.
Don't you see?
You've reminded me
what I'm fighting for.
Leave this to me.
Okay.
Good luck, Playmaker!
Aw, you made a friend with the
same emotional maturity as you!
Not now.
Great stuff!
Ya catch that all on film?
Ahh!
You're the only cameraman
who never turns on his camera!
Come on!
Right, boss!
Ah, looks like
he flew the coop.
(Frog)
And flew the scoop,
you nincompoop!
I usually wouldn't activate
this trap card of mine
except I see a mischievous
little twinkle in your eye
telling me that
you are up to no good.
If your facedown card is a trap,
Sunvine Burial
will banish that card,
along with all other copies.
Why, what a truly delightful
surprise, it is a trap card.
Your Trickstar Reincarnation
would have put
a serious damper
on my remaining life points.
How lucky for me.
Yes, so very, very lucky.
How'd you know what I had?
How you ask?
Because I saw you utilize
this exact same strategy
in your duel against Playmaker.
Remember... I know
everything about you,
Blue Angel... everything.
I know how you lost those
you cared about as a child.
I know how you wept.
I know how it was just
you and your brother
struggling to survive
against the entire world.
Yes! I know there was
a hole in your heart
that could not be filled.
Until your brother
read you a story
about a certain Blue Angel.
An angel that felt
as alone as you.
An angel that could understand
what you're going through
and show you that you do
not have to struggle alone.
Why, you might even say
she was your guardian angel.
Isn't that so?
(groans)
And now here you
stand before my very eyes
so vibrant and strong.
Fighting to save this world,
and you're no longer alone.
You're here with your
two closest friends.
It's wonderful.
This is precisely how a perfect
fairy tale would be told
from generation to generation.
Only if the ending
wasn't so tragic!
I draw.
Hold up!
Since you drew a card,
Trickstar Lycoris's
special abilities get to deal
you 200 points of damage each!
So that's 400!
400? That's much less than
what Trickstar Reincarnation
would have done to me,
isn't it, Blue Angel?
But since I did take damage
no matter how miniscule,
Sunavalon Dryas's special
ability activates,
allowing me to summon a Sunvine
monster next to Dryas's link.
Bloom, Sunvine Healer!
Sunavalon Dryas's special
ability also heals
the damage that I took
from one of your Lycorises.
But the restoration
of my life points
does not stop here, I'm afraid.
Since Sunvine Healer
is linked to my Dryas,
she gives me 300 life points
for every one of Dryas's links.
Huh, well, you're not the only
one getting a bonus.
Since you took damage,
Holly Angel gains
400 attack points!
Look, Boss!
That's Blue Angel!
(Frog)
You remember where the "on"
switch is on your camera?
Only five and a half hours
'til the tower's complete.
Even one second over
and it's game over.
I sure hope the team hasn't
run into any distractions.
And I jinxed it.
Ah! Mr. Zaizen, sir!
The feed's back online.
You really have to see this!
I do?
Blue Angel's dueling
the Knights of Hanoi.
You sure?
Unless you know some
other blue-haired pigtailed
superstar duelist?
I don't.
Come on, Blue Angel.
I believe in ya.
Ready, Blue Angel?!
(laughing)
Link Arrows authorized!
The summoning conditions
are two Plant monsters.
Therefore,
I set Sunvine Healer
and Sunavalon Dryas
in the Link Arrows!
Link the circuit!
I Link Summon!
My Link 2...
Sunavalon Dryades!
Who would've suspected
he had a green thumb?
Oh, how I do enjoy your attempt
to conceal your terror
with a flighty response.
You know, I could say
the same about you.
Really now?
Yeah, you're
totally compensating.
Oh? Compensating for what?
I'd say a little
bit of loneliness,
definitely mixed with
a fair amount of sadness.
You know everything that
you said about me this duel.
I now realize you weren't
talking about me.
You were talking about yourself.
You totally related to that
Blue Angel fairy tale
you read just as much as I did.
Why else would you carry
a copy of it around with you
all the time?
(chuckling)
A fascinating theory.
So you're saying that we're
mirror images of one another?
I'm way more awesome, but yeah.
Fine, let's suppose
you're correct.
That my childhood
was difficult like yours was.
In the story Blue Angel
was saved by her friends.
But how would she have
turned out if she had
no friends to save her?
Or no brother to care for her?
Tell me!
You can't.
I summon Sunseed Genius Loci!
And I'll use this seed
to Link Summon once again!
Oh, man, another one?
The summoning conditions require
me to use one Plant monster.
So I shall set Sunseed Genius
Loci in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 Sunvine Thrasher!
By linking Sunvine Thrasher
to Sunavalon Dryades,
my swordsman gains 800 attack
points from each of its links.
Since Dryades has two links,
Sunvine Thrasher gains
1600 attack points!
But I thought that
you were only focusing
on your defense
instead of your offense.
You thought wrong.
Go!
Attack Trickstar Holly Angel!
That attack took
them both out.
Only temporarily.
When Sunvine Thrasher
destroys a monster in battle,
that monster is re-summoned
next to Sunavalon's link.
In other words,
your monster's mine!
Ah, This can't be.
Wrong.
It most certainly can be!
Holly Angel's mine!
I've always wanted to see two
Trickstars engage in battle.
Now Holly Angel!
Attack and destroy
Trickstar Lycoris!
Poor thing!
Now you've learned that
friendship can be so fleeting.
With that,
I shall conclude my turn.
Ah, not only can't I attack him,
but he's also stealing
my best monsters.
Chopping down his tree
is the key to breaking
his combo, but how?
There has to be a way.
Hm, it's a slim chance,
but it's my only chance.
And possibly, my last chance!
♪♪♪